Document Getting started procedure for Argo CD Rollouts via OpenShift GitOps (#78060)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/gitops-promoting-the-rollout.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * aargo_rollouts/getting-started-with-argo-rollouts.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="gitops-promoting-the-rollout_{context}"]
= Promoting the rollout

Because your rollout is now in a paused status, as a cluster administrator, you must now manually promote the rollout to allow it to progress to the next step. 

.Procedure 

. Simulate another new canary version of the application by running the following command in the Argo Rollouts CLI:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc argo rollouts promote rollouts-demo -n <namespace> <1>
----
<1> Specify the namespace where the `Rollout` resource is defined.
+
.Sample output
[source,terminal]
----
rollout 'rollouts-demo' promoted
----
This increases the traffic weight to 40% in the canary version.

. Verify that the rollout progresses through the rest of the steps, by running the following command: 
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc argo rollouts get rollout rollouts-demo -n <namespace> --watch <1>
----
<1> Specify the namespace where the `Rollout` resource is defined.
+

> Because the rest of the steps as defined in the `Rollout` CR have set durations, for example, `pause: {duration: 45}`, the Argo Rollouts controller will wait that duration and then automatically move to the next step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because the rest of the steps as defined in the `Rollout` CR have set durations, for example, `pause: {duration: 45}`, the Argo Rollouts controller waits that duration and then automatically move to the next step.
```
no future tense, all present
